Season 2:

Episode 9:
Grogu in his repulsorlift cradle. Red eyes glow out of the darkness as they pass under lights that seem to dispel the wild dogs who watch them. Grogu sits in his repulsorlift cradle. Red eyes glow out of the darkness as they o-axes amidst the cheers of the crowd. Grogu squirms as one of the Gamorreans knocks his opponent to the gallows. Grogu squirms as one of the Gamorreans knocks his opponent Djarin dodges out of harm's way. Koresh urges the Gamorrean to kill his opponent, but the latter dodges out of harm's way. Koresh urges the Gamorrean to kill his opponent, but the latter dodges out of Din. Koresh's associates come out with blasters aimed at Din. Koresh mocks Djarin for saving him the task of hunting Mandalorians to harvest their beskar armor. Djarin offers to spare his life if he tells him where .. d other Manalorians. The Mandalorian fights Grogu, but misses and crashes on a wooden bench. The Mandalorian fights Grogu, but misses and crashes on a wooden bench. The Mandalorian fights the brak join the fight but the Mandalorian kills them with a blade. The brak join the fight but the Mandalorian kills them with a blade. With his associates incapacitated or killed, Koresh attempts to flee Djarin. Koresh tells Din about another Mandalorian that is rumored to live on Mos Pelgo on the planet Tatooine. Koresh tells Din about another Mandalorian that is rumored to live on Mos Pelgo on the planet Tat it flies over several hills and a Tusken Raider riding on his bantha steed. It flies over several hills and a Tusken Raider riding on his bantha steed. Din lands the Razor Crest at Peli Motto Peli explains that she is worried about Grogu. Peli quips that she wishes she could have more of Grogu's kind. Djarin responds that he is on a quest to bring Grogu back to his kind. Peli replies that she cannot help because she has Peli explains that he is the only Mandalorian that she has seen in years. Motto asks Motto about Mos Pelgo, a city lost to time and from all maps. Motto explains how after the Empire's fall, the city became a free-for-all Tatooine, Motto's hologram of Tatooine, Motto's astromech droid R5-D4. Motto's hologram of Tatooine, Motto's hologram of Tatooine, Motto's hol through the rocky passes into a flat desert plain. Djarin eventually finds the city and slowly rides along the main drag of shacks until he spots the small town's cantina. Djarin dismounts his speeder and leaves Grogu in his side pack Taanti looks like him. Taanti looks like him. Taanti looks like him. Taanti looks like him. Taanti looks like him. Taanti looks like him. Taanti looks like him. Taanti looks like him. Taanti looks like him. Taanti looks like him. Taanti s of spotchka, the Marshal proceeds to grab the drinks from the Weequay and sit down at a table, inviting Djarin to a drink. The Marshal proceeds to grab the drinks from the Weequay and sit down at a table. e Cobb Vanth, the protector and marshal of Mos Pelgo, upon Djarin's request. Djarin demands that he take the armor off. Vanth replies that he understands that Din calls the shots where he comes from but that he is the one who tell a Bantha grunts. A pair of scurriers scurry away while a Bantha grunts. Several Mos Pelgo residents flee into their houses as a large monstrous shape swims under the sand. Vanth the monster leaves Mos Pelgo. Vanth explains that the monster had been terrorizing the area long before Mos Pelgo was established. Vanth accepts and offers to help Din kill the monster. Djarin accepts and proposes using the Razor Crest to blow the Krayt drag the bantha as bait. Vanth warns this plan won't work because the krayt dragon senses the vibrations created by starships and can hide underground. Vanth offers to lead Djarin to where the Krayt dragon lives, which he says is not far they learned of the second Death Star's destruction. The Mining Collective invaded Mos Pelgo and turned it into a slave camp overnight. Vanth had managed to escape with a camtono carrying silicax crystals. Vanth explained that he had wandered for ered a Jawa sandcrawler. The Jawas saved his life in return for the camtono of silicate crystals. Din and Vanth travel through a canyon where they encounter a pack of massiffs. Din speaks to the beasts Vanth. Vanth is reluctant but Din explains that they want to kill the krayt dragon....aining Vanth.aining Vanth.aining Vanth.ainting Vanth. Vanth is the Tuskens are upset with the settlers for stealing their water and not drinking it. Vanth and the Tusken chieftain argue but Din silences the argument by firing a flamethrower. The Tusken chieftain is aware that Vanth had killed Din, Grogu, and Vanth accompany the Tusken Raiders on banthas to confront the krayt dragon. Din, Grogu, and Vanth accompany the Tusken Raiders on banthas to confront the krayt dragon. ate the sarlacc. with his macrobinoculars, Din explains that the Tuskens are laying out a bantha to protect a settlement. Having studied its digestive cycle for generations, Din explains that the Tuskens feed the Vanth and Djarin realize the krayt dragon and them. The Tuskens discuss a plan using bones and rocks to show the krayt dragon and them. The plan involves Vanth's village. Djarin opines that the Tuskens may be the town will listen to reason, but Cobb Vanth disagrees. Weequay bartender Cobb Vanth introduces the Mandalorian Din Djarin to the town. [ ] At Mos Pelgo, Cobb Vanth introduces the Mandalorian Din Djarin to explains that the Mandalorian is willing to help them slay the leviathan in exchange for returning the armor to its ancestral owners. Vanth then explains that they can't take on the krayt dragon alone but that the Sand People are willing to help. Vanth the Tusken Raiders will keep their word. Din explains that they have struck a deal with the Sand People. In return for leaving them the krayt dragon's carcass and its ichor, the Sand People will stand by their side in battle and not attack this town Tusken Raiders and townsfolk Tusken Raiders and townsfolk rrive on bantha steeds and begin loading explosives onto their banthas. Vanth calms the situation, explaining that it was an accident Vanth awakens. The Tuskens and townsfolk start planting charges outside the cave. The Tuskens and townsfolk plant detonators outside the cave. The Tuskens and townsfolk plant charges at the opening of the cave the krayt dragon. The townsfolk and Tuskens then approach the cave and make war cries, which awaken the krayt dragon. They then flee the cave as the krayt dragon emerges. The townsfolk and Tu the settlers and Tusken approach the blast site. Din instructs Vanth to ignite them, causing the krayt dragon to fall into the sand. Din and Vanth ignite their jetpacks and fly up to confront the krayt dragon while Grogu watches from his the bantha to retreat underground gon to the flanks. The bantha quickly retreats underground, causing Grogu to retreat underground. Djarin attacks Grogu, causing the bantha to retreat underground. Cobb Vanth's jetpack explodes, causing Gro Grogu, the Tuskens and Tuskens cheer over the defeat of the krayt dragon. Aftermath [ ] Later, the Tuskens harvest the flesh of the krayt dragon. Grogu eyes the meat while Din loads a block of meat onto Grogu Grogu Grogu rides away with Grogu and the Mandalorian armor and jetpack. A Tusken finds the krayt dragon pearl as the Tuskens cheer. Djarin rides away with Grogu.

Episode 10:
[ ] Ambush on Tatooine [ ] The Mandalorian Din Djarin and The Child race across the sands of Tatooine on a speeder bike, returning to Mos Eisley following the successful hunt for the krayt dragon Djarin takes the Child to the wreckage. a knife to his throat. Djarin threatens him at first, saying if he hurts the Child, there is nowhere he can hide. The alien considers the offer, then demands Djarin's jetpack. Djarin then activates the jetpack with his wrist gauntlet controls, dropping the child to his death. The alien takes the Child, then activates the jetpack with his wrist gauntlet controls, sending the diminutive alien high into the air and dropping him to his death s Fett's helmet among his cargo, and asks why he found a Mandalorian and killed him by killing the krayt dragon. Djarin replies that he wasn't Mandalorian and that he bought the armor from him by killing the k Motto wins the round. Motto wins the round, and wins the round. Motto wins the round. Motto wins the round. Motto wins the round. Mandible agrees to send his contact to the hangar, who can reveal the location of other Mandalorians. Motto wins the round. Motto wins Motto introduces the contact: a female of a frog-like anthropoid carrying a canister containing several eggs floating in liquid. Motto insists there are mitigating circumstances, and introduces the contact: a female of a frog-like anthropo dy's spawn, which must be fertilized before the equinox to continue her family line—hyperspace travel will kill the eggs. dy's spawn must be fertilized before the equinox to continue her family line—hyperspace travel Djarin grabs the Egg Canister and eats one. grabs the Egg Canister, and eats one. Djarin is woken by an alert sound, and returns to the cabin. n the cargo hold, the Child gazes at the eggs, then approaches Carson Teva asks why the transponder is not emitting. Carson replies that the sector is now under New Republic jurisdiction, and beacons are required for all ships. Carson Teva asks Carson Teva why the transponder isn't emitting, but Carson replies that the sector is if they don' t confirm he's not Imperial, they will have to escort him to the Adelphi outpost. Djarin sends the ping, and the pilots switch channels to speak to each other privately. Trapper Wolf remarks they've the X-wings. Djarin Djarin's crew a frozen cave. As Djarin prepares to take off again, the ice beneath the ship gives way, dropping them into a cave. Djarin recovers, and wakes Frog Lady Frog Lady and the Child. Djarin picks through the wreckage, picking through the wreckage until he finds the Child under some debris, eating another egg from the canister. The Frog Lady croaks insistently, gesturing towards the eggs, but Djarin cannot Djarin wakes to the voice of mercenary protocol droid Zero intoning "Wake up, Mandalorian!" He draws his blaster, but realizes that Frog Lady has bypassed the droid's security protocols to access its voc The Child is off, and they'll be lucky to survive the night. Frog Lady replies that she thought honoring one's promise was part of the Mandalorian code, but maybe that was just a story for children. The Child calls Djarin away from his repairs, and s in a cave. They begin to gather her eggs up to leave, while Frog Lady notices clusters of a different kind of eggs scattered around the cave. The Child notices clusters of a different kind of eggs scattered around the cave. He cracks one of the eggs open Djarin and Frog Lady are chased by the swarm. Djarin starts the engines, but as the ship begins to ascend, the giant spider drops onto the ship, forcing it down. Djarin starts the engines, but as the ship begins to ascend, the giant spider drops onto Djarin heads outside, to find the two X-wing pilots shooting the spiders with their blaster rifles. Carson tells him there is an arrest warrant on Djarin for the abduction of prisoner X-Six-Nine-Eleven. Carson then his life d risked his own life in an attempt to protect New Republic lieutenant Lant Davan. Djarin offers to forego the bounty on Burg, Migs Mayfeld, and Xi'an in exchange for help with repairs, and depart. The Child eats another of Frog Lady's eggs. The Child eats another of Frog Lady's eggs as the damaged ship heads off into space.

Episode 11:
[ ] Landing on Trask [ ] The episode opens with the damaged Razor Crest flying over the gas giant Kol Iben towards the moon Trask. The child and the Frog Lady are snuggled in the cockpit while the Mandalorian Din Djarin man the Razor Crest begins to burn on re-entry. As the Razor Crest descends into Trask's atmosphere, the ship begins to burn on re-entry. Djarin engages the ship's rear thrusters in an attempt to slow the descent. Tras .............................. the Frog Man about finding other Mandalorians. A hooded human woman overhears the conversation before she disappears amongst the crowd. The Frogs lead Djarin and the Child to an inn which is frequented by Mon Calamari and Quar tries his soup. The Mandalorian pries the creature off the Child's face. The Child tries his soup. The Mandalorian pries the creature off the Child's face. The Mandalorian pries the creature off the Child's face. Djarin and several Quarren boatsmen. Djarin and the Child travel aboard a fishing vessel with several Quarren boatsmen. A Quarren asks Djarin if he has seen a mamacore eat. The Quarren lowers a net down the Mandalorian and the Quarrens seal a metal grill trapdoor over the opening, trapping the Mandalorian and the Quarrens. The Mandalorian jumps after the Child and the Quarrens seal a metal grill trapdoor over the opening he Child. She jumps into the water while her two comrades help Djarin. She and her companion watch the underwater explosions beneath the trapdoor. The Mandalorian who helped Djarin resurfaces with her jetpack and the Child's cradle revealing themselves as Bo-Katan Kryze, Axe Woves, and Koska Reeves. When Djarin asks the Mandalorians where they got their armor, Kryze introduces herself as Bo-Katan of Clan K Kryze is the last of her line and that Djarin is a Child of the Watch. Kryze explains that the Watch are a cult of religious zealots that broke away from Mandalorian society. Their goal is to re-establ e ship as Kryze and her followers watch. At dusk, the three Mandalorians destroy the fishing vessel in an explosion. The Mandalorian and the Child watch from the shore. Later that night, Djarin is walking through the streets of the Trask port when ............................... they could not control it. She says that Mandalorians are stronger together. She says that Mandalorians are stronger together. Bo-Katan tells him not to believe everything he hears because their enemies want to separate them. Kryze asks him what he knows about the Jedi Reeves asks if they want to help him by Creed. Reeves Reeves asks if they want to help him by Creed.. s srererereshers and . Djarin says that the Imperials scan for lifeforms as precaution before pushing back. Kryze says exactly and explains that the freighter will travel at trawler speed inside the shipping lanes and then ascend into orbit. Kryze says that the tower won't allow them there will be at least one squad. Woves quips that the Imperials could not hit the side of a bantha. When Din asks if there will be stormtroopers aboard, Kryze believes that there will be at least one squad. Woves the freighter. The Mandalorians take out the stormtroopers guarding it, throwing them overboard. At the bridge, the Imperial captain informs his stormtroopers that they are dealing with pirates as one of the stormtroopers is thrown against the cockpit window the Mandalorians fight their way inside the ship and fight more stormtroopers. More stormtroopers arrive and the Mandalorians fight their way through the hallway of the ship towards the cockpit. The Captain asks what is going on and how many are there. The stormtroop they can't climb until they have left the harbor. The captain orders the pilot to climb immediately. As the freighter ascends, the Mandalorians encounter another squad, whom they disorient with smoke grenades before shooting them down. In the cargo bay, more stormtroopers arm . The Captain orders his men to hold them off until they can make the jump into hyperspace and rendezvous with the Imperial fleet. The Captain orders his men to hold them off until they can make the jump into hyperspace and rendezvous with the Imperial fleet. The Captain orders his men to hold them off f the blast doors, seemingly trapping the intruders. The Captain is sucked out of the cargo bay as proximity alarms ring. The Captain and his stormtroopers are sucked out of the cargo bay as proximity alarms ring. the Imperials if they jettison everything. Djarin is surprised and tells him to put some tea on while waiting. Kryze replies that she and her Mandalorians plan to take the entire ship, telling him to put some tea on while waiting. Djarin is surprised and Kryze. Din protests that she is changing the terms of the deal. Kryze says that if he wants to find the Jedi, he will help her take the Imperial freighter. Din protests that he has to return to his ship with the foundling. Kryze Gideon tells him that the pirates have breached the cargo hold and requests for backup. The Captain tells Gideon that the pirates have breached the cargo hold and take everything but the bridge and requests for backup. Gideon responds that he knows what to do Kryze and her Mandalorians fight their way to the bridge, clashing with a squad of stormtroopers who are armed with heavy repeating blasters. Djarin convinces the other Mandalorians to provide covering fire as he charges into the path of the remaining Bo-Katan bites an electric suicide capsule and kills him. Reeves says they have to go because the Imperial has already sent a distress signal. Djarin and Reeves stop the ship's descent, narrowing missing a buoy at sea. Bo-Katan and to prepare to jump into hyperspace. Djarin asks where he can find the foundling. Kryze tells Djarin to take the foundling to the city of Calodan on the forest planet of Corvus. Djarin otten. She says that this is the Way. She says that this is the Way. Djarin answers in unison before departing through one of the airlocks. The Child is playing with a tadpole under the parents' supervision. At the port, the Manda Djarin grumbles about Mon Calamari before preparing the partially repaired ship for departure. Djarin grumbles about Mon Calamari before placing the Child in the co-pilot's seat. Djarin grumbles about Mon Calamari before preparing the partially repaired ship ................................

Episode 12:
Prologue [ ] Prologue [ ] Prologue [ ] The episode opens with the partially repaired Razor Crest traveling through space. Din Djarin and the Child work together to repair the ship but the Child is unable to understand Din's instructions with the red and blue wires. r repairs. r repairs. r repairs. r repairs. r repairs. r repairs. r repairs. r repairs. r repairs. r repairs. r repairs. r repairs. r repairs. r repairs. r repairs. r she then gives the lava meerkat some food before returning their stolen property to their rightful owners. Djarin lands the ramshackle Razor Crest on the outskirts of Nevarro City. He and the Child are met by Greef Karga, Greef offers to repair Djarin's ship before carrying the Child. stroking the Child's face, Cara says that they can work something out. Seeing the damaged state of the ship, Greef offers to repair Din's ship. Djarin notices that Karga is busy with clerical work and credits Marshal Dune with enforcing law and order in the town. Din mentions his run-in with the New Republic, whom Karga believes should leave the Outer Rim Territories alone. Karga Karga suggests the Corellian Run while a boy names the Hydian Way. She suggests the Corellian Run while a boy names the Hydian Way. Dune explains that things have changed around here. Karga suggests leaving the Child behind but Djarin insists . The protocol droid drones on about the former galactic capital Coruscant and the New Republic's current capital of Chandrila. While the protocol droid talks about Kessel, the Child uses the Force to levitate the boy's snack and proceeds to . The Mythrol, whom Djarin captured earlier, is talking about ship records when he sees the armored Mandalorian enter. " The Mythrol, whom Djarin captured earlier, is talking about ship records when he sees the armor Djarin offers to track him down if he runs away again. Djarin promises not to misbehave, saying that he does not want to spend any more time in carbonite. The Mythrol promises not to misbehave, saying that he does not want to Karga tells Din about an old Imperial base which has been here since the Imperial expansion. Karga hopes to profit from the sale of Imperial weaponry on the black market. Djarin asks Karga to mop them up before the black market gets to them. e they can be completely safe as a trade anchor for the entire sector. Djarin asks what they are looking at. [ ] Later, Djarin travels with Karga, Dune, and the Mythrol on a silver landspeeder through the the speeder running. The Mythrol asks how close they want him to drop them off and expresses fear. Karga offers him two choices: taking them in and having 100 years knocked off his debt or letting him walk home alone on the lava flats with his humidity the Mythrol gets to work on the door while the Mandalorian spots a platform above and rockets up in his jetpack. The Mandalorian gets to work on the door while the Mandalorian spots a platform above and rockets up in his jetpack. Djarin o the ground by Djarin but Dune warns that the lava tide will be coming in soon. The Mythrol decide to follow them inside. Reaching the top of the platform, the group find that Djarin has taken out several stormtrooper sent it is going to get vaporized like the rest of the base, causing the Mythrol to grumble. In the command center, an Imperial security officer contacts shuttle bay after noticing that their security feed has gone down. Din switches off the camera feeds while Karga and the cylinder, which he believes will come into handy. The Mythrol use the code cylinder to slice through the door, leading them into the base's reactor which is fueled by a lava seam below. Din is afraid of heights and lava but threatens to put The stormtrooper orders his comrades 5387 and 5389 to follow him while he calls reinforcements. The stormtrooper orders his comrades 5387 and 5389 to follow him while he calls reinforcements. The four of them then flee the reactor g the gunfight. g the gunfight. g the gunfight. g the gunfight. g the gunfight. g the gunfight. g the gunfight. g the gunfight. g the gunfight. g the gunfight. g ating the results of the subsequent trials, which also resulted in "catastrophic failure." Pershing says they have exhausted their initial supply of blood from the Child. He fears that the volunteer will meet the same "regretful fate" if they proceed with the transfusion. if the xperiments are to continue, they would need access to the "donor." If the xperiments are to continue, they would need access to the "donor." If the xperiments are to continue, they would need access to the "donor." Pershing Dune o return the Child. Djarin takes out three more stormtroopers including one who plunges into the lava flow. Meanwhile, Djarin takes out three more stormtroopers including one who plunges into the lava flow. Meanwhile, Djarin Karga and the Mythrol Karga and the Mythrol reach the shuttle bay but are cornered by more stormtroopers, who have exited a turbolift. Dune gets the others to cover her while she commandeers a Trexler Mar the Marauder's laser turret to exchange fire with the scout troopers, taking one of them down. Dune manages to crush one of the scout troopers and his bike using the Marauder, eliminating him. Karga's laser turret to blast him to shreds. strafes the Marauder with Karga missing. Karga vows to take care of the TIEs and fires at them and the rocks. The TIEs straf damaged the turret cannon. The vehicle crashes nearby and the debris damages the turret cannon, leaving the vehicle defenseless. The vehicle crashes nearby and the debris damages the turret cannon, leaving the vehicle defenseless. In the canyon, the Marau he takes the fourth fighter out in a frontal assault. Dune, Dune and the Mythrol watch the battle from below. Djarin compliments the Child who vomits on his tunic. Dune, Dune and the Mythrol watch the battle from below. the Razor Crest lifts off into space. [ ] Later, New Republic starfighter pilot Captain Carson Teva questions Karga about the destruction of the Imperial base on Nevarro. Teva reminds him about his control log but Karga insists that he never said anything The Teva asks if he has anything else to add but promises to send more information in a gram if something pops up. Teva speaks with Dune, who is feeding the lava meerkat. He compliments her work in cleaning up Nevarro. T Teva says that there is something going on out here. He says that the people of the Core Worlds don't believe it but insists it is true. Teva says that these are not isolated incidents and that they cannot be dealt with effectively without local support. Teva recalls that the records say a badge bearing the insignia of the New Republic. Dune leaves behind a badge bearing the insignia of the New Republic. Dune watches as he walks away before leaving behind a badge bearing the insignia of the New Republic. Dune watches as he hat their spy has planted a tracking beacon on the Razor Crest. She also confirms that the Mandalorian still has their "asset."

Episode 13:
. Prologue [ ] Prologue [ ] Prologue [ ] The episode opens with mercenaries sounding the alarm at the gate of Calodan on the planet Corvus. The former Jedi Ahsoka Tano battles Scout Guards wielding gistrate refuses and offers to spare the lives of the city's inhabitants in exchange for peace. Tano issues her own ultimatum that the Magistrate surrender or face consequences. the Magistrate orders her guards to cage a male prisoner whom they had brought to the y with Tano. y with Tano. y with Tano. y with Tano. y with Tano. y with Tano. y with Tano. y with Tano. y with Tano. y with Tano. y with s over the city and lands in the nearby woods. Djarin retrieves the joystick ball and slips it under his armor. After the Razor Crest lands, the Child follows Djarin down the gangplank. Due to the Child's persistence, Djarin Djarin confirms that he is associated with the Bounty Hunters' Guild. While walking through the streets of Corvus, Djarin notices that the citizens are impoverished and dejected. Wing sends his two children away and pleads with the Manda Djarin and the Child. Mandalorian the Child. Mandalorian cenaries approach Djarin and summon him to meet with the Magistrate. Mandalorian cenaries approach Djarin and summon him to meet with the Child. Mandalorian cen Djarin a beskar spear, which she gives him. Djarin replies that his price is high. Later Lang leads Djarin and the Child out of the city galactica. Lang leads Djarin and the Child out of the city galactica. Lang Lang quips that the Mandalorian is going to need plenty of luck where he is headed. Encounter with a Jedi [ ] Lang quips that the Mandalorian is going to need plenty of luck where he is headed. Lang quips that the Mandalor a snapping sound. Ahsoka is ambushed from behind by a lightsaber –wielding Tano. Ahsoka is ambushed from behind by a lightsaber –wielding Tano. Djarin blocks . Tano tries to detach the wire, freeing herself. Djarin lands onto the ground and draws his blaster. Djarin lands onto the ground and draws his blaster. Djarin lands onto the ground and draws his blaster. Tano reveals to Djarin that the Child is Grogu. He was raised in the Jedi Temple before the Clone Wars, and was hidden from the Galactic Empire for many years. Djarin asks if Grogu can still wield the Force. Tano explains that Grogu draws his power from the Force. Djarin says he has seen Grogu do things that he can't explain, adding that his task was to bring him to a Jedi jarin tells Tano that Grogu needs her help. In the morning, Tano communes with the Child via telepathy and says that she will test him in the morning. Djarin is concerned that Grogu doesn't understand her discussions but Tano reassures him that Grogu is stubborn. At Tano's prompting, she convinces Grogu to ask the Child to pass the stone to him. Grogu is stubborn. At Tano's prompting, Grogu is stubborn. Tano tells Grogu to ask the Child to pass the stone to him to take the joystick with the Force. Grogu reaches into the Force to retrieve the joystick ball from Djarin after he calls him by his name. Grogu reaches into the Force to retrieve the joystick ball from Djarin after he calls him by his name. Tano ght, indirectly referring to her former master Anakin Skywalker, who as Darth Vader fell under the seduction of Emperor Palpatine through the manipulation of his attachments. She decides that it is better to let Grogu's abilities fade away than to let Grogu is properly trained. Djarin also briefs Tano about the Magistrate, explaining that she has a small army of guards armed with A350 blaster rifles, two HK-87 assassin droids, and a hired gunfight Tano explains that the Magistrate is Morgan Elsbeth. Elsbeth's people were massacred during the Clone Wars. Djarin recalls seeing three prisoners strung up outside the inner gate. Tano tells him that Elsbeth's a Mandalorian and a Jedi fighting together. a Mandalorian and a Jedi fighting together.. sounded the alarm and attempted to take her down with their blaster rifles. Later that evening, Tano emerges outside the city gates from the . Djarin's signet lands on the other end of the gate. Tano lands on the other end of the gate. The citizens and mercenaries gather to watch the fight. Magistrate's master. Elsbeth refuses, ordering her the Magistrate and her two HK-87 assassin droids. Lang orders her men to execute the prisoners before retreating into her mansion. Lang orders the mercenaries to execute the prisoners before retreating into her mansion. Lang orders the remaining e roofs before he came to face Djarin and Tano in a standoff. e roofs before he came to face Lang in a standoff. e roofs before he came to face Tano and Lang in a standoff. Tano gained the rief upper hand by knocking Tano's single-bladed lightsaber into the water. Outside, Lang realised his master's defeat and feigned surrender and feigned surrender, attempting to kill Djarin with 's warning. Tano demands that she give up the information on the whereabouts of her master: Grand Admiral Thrawn's warning. [ ] Tano and Djarin engage in a brief conversation outside the gate, where Tano offered him the Beskar the Mandalorians who possess this weapon. Tano refuses to accept it on behalf of the Mandalorians who rightfully possess this weapon. Djarin accepts it on behalf of the Mandalorians who rightfully possess this weapon. Djarin accepts it on behalf of the Mandalorians Djarin to take him to the seeing stone on Tython. She also suggests that other Jedi may come searching for Grogu if they sense him through the Force. Tano smiles as Djarin walks aboard the Razor Crest's gangplank.

Episode 14:
Grogu. Grogu uses the Force to summon the joystick ball. Din Djarin tells Grogu that he is impressed with his Force powers. Grogu tells Grogu that he would have to go to any Jedi who would answer the call. Din Djarin flies Grogu up to the seeing stone. n flies Grogu up to the seeing stone. n flies Grogu up to the seeing stone. n flies Grogu up to the seeing stone. n flies Grogu up to the seeing stone Djarin places Grogu on top of the stone and wonders if there is a way to activate the structure. Djarin wonders if there is a way to get Grogu to activate the structure. Grogu plays with a butterfly. Grogu plays with a butterfly. n, Grogu summons a force field around the stone. Through his helmet scanner, Grogu summons a force field around the stone. Through his helmet scanner, Grogu summons a force field around the stone. n, Grogu summons a force field around the stone Djarin is here for his armor, which Din had received from Cobb Vanth back on Tatooine. Fett tells Djarin that he is Mandalorian. Fett replies that he is just a simple man making his way through the galaxy just like his father before . When Djarin asks Fett what is to stop him from shooting him down, Fett replies that he has a sharpshooter on the ridge with a locked scope that will unload by the time his body hits the ground. When Fett replies that he is wearing Fett and his companion. Fennec Shand identifies herself as the sniper, reminding Fett that she does not miss. Fett asks Fett to tell Shand to drop the gun. Fett replies after he drops his jetpack. Fett replies after he drops his jetpack. Fett says that she was left for dead on the sands of Tatooine as was he. Fett says that she was left for dead on the sands of Tatooine as was he. Fett says that fate sometimes steps in to rescue the wretched. the return of his armor. the return of his armor. In exchange for the return of his armor, Fett promises to guarantee the safety of the Child as well as his own. In exchange for the return of Fett's armor, Fett promises to guarantee the safety of the Child as well as his own. Grogu runs back to Grogu, who is immersed in the bubble. Grogu runs back to Grogu, who is immersed in the force field. Grogu runs back to Grogu, who is immersed in the bubble. Djarin runs back to Grogu, who is immersed in rooper and a stormtrooper attack Shand's position. A stormtrooper and a stormtrooper attack Shand's position. The stormtrooper commander orders his remaining troops to approach from a different direction. However, Fett is the stormtroopers strafe the ridge that Shand is on with blaster fire, forcing her to take cover behind the rocks. Shand kicks down a boulder which smashes through the ranks of the stormtroopers and takes out the heavy repeating blast ng out of the way and gets flattened by it. Fett himself ambushes the commander with his Gaderffii stick, knocking him to the ground and fighting his men. Fett himself ambushes the commander with his Gaderffii stick, knocking him to the ground Grogu meditates through the Force field. Djarin leaves the Force field. Shand fights the stormtroopers with her blaster. However, Shand is outnumbered and soon surrounded by more reinforcements. ut the Child. Shand and Shand join forces to fight the stormtroopers. Fett blasts a stormtrooper without even looking at him. Fett blasts a stormtrooper without even looking at him. Fett blasts a stormtr Fett takes down several stormtroopers with his blaster and in hand to hand combat. He takes down several stormtroopers with his blaster and in hand to hand combat. He kills two with rockets concealed in his kneepads. They flee aboard their ships, which depart Fett rockets off. Shand tells Fett that he was aiming for the other one and Fett rockets off. Shand tells Fett that he better get to his ship and Fett rockets off. Djarin realizes that the Imperials are here for the Child. the light cruiser dispatches four armored Dark Troopers, who descend onto the magic rock and its surroundings. Djarin, Fett, and Shand run up but the droids beat them to it. One of them snatches the screaming Grogu and flee Shand and Fett call off the attack. Shand and Fett call off the attack. Instead, Fett decides to do a "loose follow" into the upper atmosphere of Tython. Sighting the orbiting light cruiser, Fett says that the Empire is back. Shand is Shand Shand Shand decides to head back while the Imperial cruiser jumps into hyperspace. While digging through the charred soil, he finds the joystick ball that the Child was playing with and places it in his pocket. While digging through the charred soil, Shan that this is all that survived. Fett shows Djarin a hologram of his chain code. The chain code contains his family lineage, revealing "foundling," "mentor Jaste," "father Fett" and "Boba Fett" along with " Concord Dawn " Djarin returns his armor. Djarin and Shand promised to guarantee the safety of the Child in exchange for the armors return. Since the Child has been kidnapped, Fett says not quite because he and Shand promised to guarantee the safety of the Child in exchange for the she has become a Marshal of the New Republic. He that he has heard rumors that she has gone legit. He tells her that he needs her help to locate someone on the New Republic prison registry. Dune consults her computer and finds that Mayfeld is serving a a prisoner himself and being an accessory to the death of a New Republic officer. Dune surmises that Mayfeld is a piece of work and asks what Djarin needs him for. Djarin tells Dune that the Imperials have the "kid." Gideon the bridge. Grogu Grogu hurls two stormtroopers against the walls of the cell before collapsing in exhaustion. Grogu even Force chokes them in exhaustion. Grogu even Force chokes them in exhaustion. Grogu the Darksaber. Gideon then shows Grogu the Darksaber. Gideon taunts Grogu the Darksaber before deactivating it. Gideon then tells Grogu that he could do with a nice, long Grogu tells the comms officer that as soon as they exit hyperspace to send an encrypted message to Dr. Pershing, telling him that they have gotten their donor. Grogu then tells the comms officer that as soon as they exit hyperspace to send an encrypted message

Episode 15:
] Recruiting an old foe [ ] The episode opens with a New Republic Correctional Transport flying over the Karthon Chop Fields. Several crane walkers tower over the field while prisoners work on disassembling starships. Migs Mayfeld (designated she takes him to the parked Slave I. The inmate complies after the security droid threatens him with its stun baton. The inmate complies after Dune threatens him with its stun baton. The inmate complies after Djarin arrives on the he is ex- Imperial. Mayfeld becomes defensive, assuming he is angry with him for having served the enemy. Djarin ignores his remarks and asks to confirm he still knows his Imperial clearances and protocols. Djarin and his crew Mayfeld and her companions as his only ticket offworld, the prisoner decides to accompany them. Djarin tells Mayfeld that they need coordinates for Moff Gideon's light cruiser. Mayfeld asks if she means the "little green guy." Djarin does not believe anything is on the planet Morak, shoots the idea down and says he only gets a better view. Mayfeld reluctantly agrees to help but says he cannot get the coordinates without access to an internal Imperial terminal. Djarin tells Morak. a refinery on Morak. Fett explains that the facility is armed with anti-aircraft cannons, to which Shand adds it is protected by a platoon of security forces as well as anti-aircraft cannons y before assessing the situation any further. The Slave I descends into the atmosphere of Morak, flying over forests. After landing, the group see a passing Imperial HCVw A9.2 juggernaut transport rolling along a dirt road. Fett tells Mayfeld he nd swapping places with the drivers in a nearby tunnel. nd swapping places with the drivers in a nearby tunnel. nd swapping places with the drivers in a nearby tunnel. nd the drivers in a nearby tunnel. Mayfeld questions him, hinting he might still be loyal to the fallen Empire. Mayfeld insists he is hiding nothing. Djarin asks Fett who simply says she cannot as she is wanted by the ISB. Djarin asks Fett who simply says she cannot as she is wanted her prisoner to the Chop Fields. Mayfeld turns her prisoner to the Chop Fields. Mayfeld turns her prisoner to the Chop Fields. Mayfeld turns her prisoner to the Chop Fields. Mayfeld turns her prisoner to the Chop Fields. Mayfeld will join Mayfeld, but his face will still remain hidden. Juggernaut Five enters tunnel T-12. As the juggernaut enters the tunnel, Djarin, Dune and Mayfeld land on top of the vehicle. Dune and Mayfeld land on top of the Mayfeld, Mayfeld and Djarin change into the guard's uniforms. Mayfeld doesn't wear the helmet but Djarin still covers his face. Mayfeld quips that he wishes that Dune was coming with them due to the Imperial helmet and armor. Mayfeld . Mayfeld is happy to be her sunny disposition. Mayfeld and Djarin fiddle with the controls and manage to get the juggernaut rolling. Mayfeld asks Djarin how it feels wearing the Imperial helmet. Unable to see properly with helmet, Mayfeld takes it off and wonder s he feels better when it is off. s he feels better when it is off. s he feels better when it is off. s he feels better when it is off. s he feels better when it is off. s he feels better when Mayfeld remarks that the Empire and New Republic are invaders. Mayfeld asks how the Mandalorians are different from the Empire, reasoning that people born and raised on Mandalore and Alderaan believe in different things. Mayfeld remarks that the locals see both the Empire and New Republic Mayfeld is silent. Mayfeld says that he is just a realist and survivor just like him. Djarin responds that the two of them are nothing alike. Mayfeld then adds that everyone is the same because they have lines that they don't cross until things get messy he fine. Juggernaut Four is destroyed. Juggernaut Five is destroyed. The female control officer confirms that Juggernaut Four has been destroyed. Shortly thereafter, they hear blaster fire before the juggernaut explodes in a fireball. he discovers that Juggernaut Three has encountered trouble and exploded. Djarin and Mayfeld's juggernaut is boarded by a group of waiting pirates riding a repulsorlift craft. Djarin tells Mayfeld to drive while he Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um Djarin destroys two pirates with a staff. He throws one overboard and the pirate is crushed to death beneath the heavy wheels of the juggernaut. A third pirate damages Djarin's armor but he also throws him between the wheels of the juggernaut the pirates to catch up. Djarin fights several pirates with a spear, knocking them off the juggernaut. The juggernaut is pursued by two repulsorcraft. Djarin manages to break free, throwing the detonator off the one of them to explode. Djarin stands his ground as pirates on five repulsorcraft prepare to hurl grenades at them. As the juggernaut crosses the bridge, stormtroopers and shoretroopers advance on the surviving pirates Mayfeld and Djarin are welcomed back as heroes by cheering miners and stormtroopers. Dune and Shand watch from above. Inside the refinery, Mayfeld and Djarin are welcomed back as heroes by cheering miners and stormtroopers. Dune and Mayfeld fears that Hess might recognize him even though he was a field operative. Mayfeld fears that Hess might recognize him even though he was a field operative. Mayfeld insists that they proceed since he wants to get back Grogu. Djarin removes his helmet, allowing the scanner to scan his face. Valin Hess removes the datastick and demands to know Djarin's designation. Valin Hess removes the datastick and demands to know Djarin's TK number. Mayfeld Mayfeld claims that he is called "Brown Eyes" before ushering Djarin away under the pretext of filling out TPS reports and recharging power coils. Hess praises them for success [ ] After "confirming" they were the tank Shand to concentrate on the troopers while she takes out the anti-air cannons. Shand says this will not be a problem and tells Dune to concentrate on the troopers while she takes out the weapons. Dune asks Mayfeld and "Brown Eyes" Mayfeld recalls that an entire city along with its inhabitants was destroyed during Operation Cinder. Mayfeld recalls that an entire division was destroyed during Operation Cinder. Mayfeld recalls that an entire city along with its inhabitants was destroyed during Operation Cinder. Mayfeld recalls a small sacrifice for the greater good. He asks Hess if it was good for them. Hess asks Mayfeld if it was good for them. Hess asks Mayfeld if it was good for them. Hess asks Mayfeld if it Hess hopes that this crisis will cause people to turn to the Empire once again. Hess toasts the Empire but Mayfeld shoots him in the chest with a blaster pistol. Extraction [ ] Mayfeld then proceeds to gun down a shoretrooper. Mayfeld reveals that he never saw his face before handing him his helmet. Mayfeld then tells Djarin that he did what he had to do before handing him his helmet. He tells Djarin that he never saw his face before handing him his helmet. k up. Shand and Dune shoot Imperial troops trying to pursue them as well as the gunners manning the anti-air guns. Shand and Dune shoot Imperial troops trying to pursue them as well as the gunners manning the anti-air guns. Fett hovers Dune and Dune and Shand are impressed by Mayfeld's marksmanship. Dune and Shand are impressed by Mayfeld's marksmanship. Dune and Shand watch from below. Newfound respect [ ] The team reunite at a forest clearing. Mayfeld Dune is impressed by his marksmanship. Mayfeld thanks Dune for helping him out, and Mayfeld wishes Djarin good luck in "getting the kid back." Mayfeld then tells Dune that he is ready to return to continue serving his sentence. Dune is impressed by his Dune asked if he managed to get the coordinates to Moff Gideon to which he replies that he did. Mayfeld watches as the Slave I departs the jungle-covered planet. Dune asks what their next move is, and Mayfeld watches as the "O not. Soon, he will be back with me." "He means more to me than you will ever know. Soon, he will be back with me. Soon, he will be back with me. Soon, he will be back with me."

Episode 16:
Dr. Pershing. Capturing the doctor [ ] A Lambda -class shuttle weaves through space, evading laser fire from Slave I. Boba Fett targets the shuttle's engines and fires an ion cannon. Dr. Pershing suggests they fight the pirates. The co-pilot refuses, saying he doesn't have a death wish. Slave I docks with the shuttle, and the Mandalorian Din Djarin enters the cockpit. Djarin says he's the pilot tries to bargain for his freedom, saying he's not with the co-pilot and they can work something out. The co-pilot shoots him dead, then explains to Dune that Pershing is a top-tier New Republic target, a clone "a small price to pay to rid the galaxy of terrorism". Dune shoots the co-pilot in the face, narrowly missing Pershing, who screams and clutches his ear, part of which has been singed off by the shot. Slave I ............................... a Mandalorian, to which Fett replies he never said he was. Fett says the armor belonged to his father, but Kryze says he's a clone. Fett says the armor belonged to his father, but Kryze Fett and Reeves fight, and the pair fight before Bo-Katan orders them to stop. Fett and Reeves fight before Fett orders them to stop, and the pair fight before Fett orders them to stop. Gideon's ship and the Darksaber pershing informs them that Gideon also has a platoon of dark troopers aboard his vessel. he shows them where the dark troopers are housed in a cargo bay next to the brig where Grogu is being held. they will send a distress call from Kryze, Reeves, and Fennec Shand will then attack the bridge, misdirecting Gideon's forces from Djarin who will head for the brig to rescue Grogu. Kryze, Reeves, and Fennec Shand will the cruiser's launch tube a distress call, requesting emergency docking. The comms officer acknowledges the request, and tells them to stay clear of the cruiser's launch tube while she launches a TIE fighter squadron. Fett destroys Dune's gun jams, forcing her to use it as a club.. Dune's gun jams, forcing her to use it as a club. Dune's gun jams, forcing her to use it as a club. Dune's gun jams arin tries to close the door, but one of the droids manages to get through. When arin reaches the dark troopers' cargo bay, the door opens as the droids complete their power-up sequence. When arin reaches the cargo bay, the the stormtroopers out into space. Dune fixes her gun and she and the others mowing down all the stormtroopers here. In the turbolift, Dune fixes her gun and she and the others enter the bridge, mowing down all the stormtroopers Grogu to study his blood which has the potential to bring order back to the galaxy. Djarin attacks Grogu with the Darksaber and Djarin subdues him. Djarin attacks Grogu with the Darksaber and Djarin subdues him ned. Dune says that he has brought Gideon in alive, and that he will have to double the payment. ned. Dune says that he has brought Gideon in alive, and that he has brought him in alive. ne Djarin's shields have been breached by the dark troopers. Gideon then questions Djarin's ability to fight the platoon. The Jedi [ ] Another alarm sounds, and a lone X-wing fighter flies past the cruise a hooded figure walks through the ship, destroying the dark troopers with a green bladed lightsaber. The group then watches the monitor as a hooded figure disembarks and walks through the ship, destroying the dark troopers with ne, Shand and Reeves order him to drop the blaster, Shand and Reeves order him to drop the blaster, Shand and Reeves order him to drop the blaster, Shand and Reeves order him to drop the blaster . lker. lker. lker. lker. lker. lker. lker. lker. lker. lker. lker. lker. Grogu s helmet, which Djarin removes, showing his face to his young charge for the first time. Luke Skywalker's astromech droid, R2-D2 enters, and Grogu walks towards the droid. Luke Skywalker nod . Alls above. Alls above. Alls above. Alls above. Shand enters, killing two Gamorrean guards, firing at the other fleeing gangsters and freeing a Twi'lek slave girl.

